adding Haystack to integrations (#197)
chroma-core/docs: docs/integrations/haystack.md

---
slug: /integrations/haystack
title: 💙 Haystack
---

> [Haystack](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack) is an open-source LLM framework in Python. It provides tooling for all steps of the NLP application building life-cycle. This includes tooling to prepare and embed documents into vector databases, as well as building fully customizable LLM pipelines such as retrieval-augmented generative (RAG) pipelines.

Author: ```suggestion
[Haystack](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack) is an open-source LLM framework in Python. It provides [embedders](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/embedders), [generators](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/generators) and [rankers](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/rankers) via a number of LLM providers, tooling for [preprocessing](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/preprocessors) and data preparation, connectors to a number of vector databases including Chroma and more. Haystack allows you to build custom LLM applications using both components readily available in Haystack and [custom components](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/custom-components). Some of the most common applications you can build with Haystack are retrieval-augmented generation pipelines (RAG), question-answering and semantic search.
```

Author: @jeffchuber What do you think of this suggestion? It goes into a bit more detail and the specifics of what we mean.
